When to L5 came along javascript got a real boost to how it can present content to web users.
We got the canvas and canvas really makes users happy because you can create some really nice visual
effects.
And this is all done and rendered through Javascript.
So javascript is the one that gives us all of these amazing capabilities so of h tim L5 We also got
the coordinates so we could get latitude and longitude.
So I'm going to show you how you can bring this into a Google map and map it out visually where the
latitude and longitude is.
Also looking at local storage how we can save information and data within the local storage of the browser.
JS on parsing out that data so that we can save it as a one string value into the local storage in this
exercise we're also building out a shopping cart.
So the shopping cart is going to get content as a javascript object and you're going to be able to create
a shopping cart all just by using javascript.
And we're also going to look at the aged him of five canvas and how we can draw on the canvas how we
can add words on that canvas how we can bring images into the canvas.
And then last but not least how we can output that content as a saved image.
So we're going to draw on the canvas what the most.
And so be able to save that image.
Also be able to clear that image also show you how you can draw and create animations using canvas.
So this is going to be an exciting section because each team of five has a lot to offer and when it
comes to canvas there's a lot that can be done with Javascript.
So this girl is creating some amazing things with javascript and Tim L5 canvas.